Hey friends. I want to
thank our sponsor. Reagan, are
you struggling to replicate the
bugs and performance issues that
your customers are reporting? Plug
Regan into your web and
mobile applications right now, and
diagnose problems in minutes rather
than hours. Kiss goodbye. Having
to dig through log files
and relying on frustrated users
to report issues, make your
software development life so much
easier. Using Reagan's error, crash,
and performance monitoring tools. Every
software team can create flawless
software experiences for their customers
with Reagan. Try it free
today@raygun.com. That's our a Y
G U n.com. Hi, this
is Scott Hanselman. This is
another episode of Hansel minutes
today. I'm talking with Amy Daniel.
Dansby double D how are
you? I am amazing. You
are amazing. And I have
been enjoying watching you on
TV with my kids. And
I was literally just sitting
down. We had been talking
about watching Lego masters on
Fox. We've seen the ads,
we recorded it, and then
we're watching it. I'm like,
wait a second. I know
her. And then my friends
now think I'm famous because
I am peripherally connected to
you on Twitter. And now
I'm like, you know, one
Kevin bacon away from a
famous person. The internet connects
us or Lego connects us.
Yeah, well, absolutely. Cause you
know, I've got, I felt
like the entire, like three
Billy shelves from Ikea filled
with Lego crap at behind
me. I'm sure you have
like entire rooms dedicated to
this stuff. Oh, it's it's
my house. I love it.
When people come over, they'll
ask me how many kids
do you have? I have,
I have none. I have
no kids. And don't touch
this stuff on the third
shelf. What is the a,
isn't there an acronym for
that adult? Friends of Lego.
Yeah, It's a Apple. It's
an adult fan of Lego.
Yeah. Yeah. Why is there
still a stigma? Like why
is it not okay. It
seems like, you know, you
ever go to like a
garage sale or whatever, and
you find like a cache
of Legos where like a
child has gone to college
and then you've come upon
their remainders and you're like,
Oh yeah, Jackpot. Yeah. It's
a, it's interesting. Especially I
remember asking my dad, I'm
like, we're Lego always so
expensive as a kid. He's
like, yes, you just didn't
have to pay for them.
So they call it sometimes
like the dark days. So
when you're a child, you
played with Lego and then
you go off to college
and you're a poor college
kid and you don't play
with Lego. And then when
you get a job, you're
like, Hmm, I'm missing something.
Some type of tinkering building
therapeutic. I was homeschooled though.
So we always had Lego.
My mom used them for
everything from engineering, science, little
history lessons. Thankfully we didn't
live in a digital age
where there was much embarrassing
footage. There is some, So,
so they integrated Lego into
your everyday life. It's like,
okay, we need stuff to
build, to go and make
some physics lessons for today
in our homeschool. Then they
just use Lego. We would
use it for like bridge
challenges. Just basic anything to
explain. I very much understand
when you put something in
front of you and you
take it apart, having that
physical to explain, worked really
well for us, especially for,
you know, my mom homeschooled
me and my brothers. So
I'm sure it was not
the easiest for her as
well. You know, there's a,
there's a lot of people
who say that learning styles
has been debunked. There's people
who say that their learning
styles aren't a thing. But
I, I disagree. Like I
think it is a thing.
If you, I think that
there are tactile learners and
auditory learners and you know,
people who learn by seeing
and people who learn by
doing, do you think that
you became a maker and
you became a software engineer
because of the, do you
think you were wired that
way to come to start
or do you think it
was the early tactile work
with Legos and things like
that? I don't know if
I actually even understood that
until I went to college
and I remember I had
a professor and he used
to tell me, he's like,
if you can't explain it
to a five-year-old, you don't
understand it well enough yourself.
And I was like, okay,
that kind of makes sense.
And I remember him asking
me, what did I really
do as a kid? And
I'm like, Oh, whenever I
would get new stuff, I
would take it apart. And
I don't think I ever
realized that was like an
engineering mentality of, Oh, how
does it work this way?
Why does it work this
way? I'm probably until I
got older and cause to
me, since I was homeschooled,
I was really never around
any other kids til I
was like 16, 17. So
that was completely normal to
me. Oh. And I have
to apologize to our international
friends at anyone who has
a legitimate Lego person that
I sometimes have a light
slight S at the end
of my leg, and I
know it's wrong. I I'm
working on it. It's a
thing I'm working through. But
I do sometimes fall into
the Americanism of saying LIGO,
plural, but I apologize to
our friends at Lego masters
on Fox. So we used
to say, what's the plural
of Jedi January. Alright. So
that's a good way to
always remember. That's what we
used to tell a will
or net onset. We're like,
what's the plural of Jedi.
He's like Jedi, we're like
just Lego. Yeah. It gets
you into the whole like
attorneys general, but then is
it like, is it Jedi
master or Jetta? Yeah, that
was like, when the movie
came out, everyone's like, Oh,
the last Jedi, but they're
like, is it Jedi plural?
Or is it Yeah. Is
it just, this is just
him or is it like
a whole bunch of people?
This is, these are the
questions that we have to
ask ourselves. So you started
out in game programming and
simulation and worked at Marvel
studios, worked on games. Yes.
So my actual, I guess
college degree is in a
game simulation and I was
the very first female intern
Marvel ever hired. And right
when games I started right
after the iron man phase.
So I worked on America.
I worked on four, worked
on some of the superhero
squad show games. I worked
on a lot of the
simulation for Thor's Cape in
the game. So at the
time physics rendering is very
computationally expensive. And that was
something that really hadn't been
done before. A lot of
games. Let's see, I'm trying
to think. I think the
Jurassic park game was one
of the first ones to
implement ragdoll physics, which is
when you would shoot one
of the dinosaurs. This dinosaur
would fall naturally. And I
just remember when that game
came out, even though it
was so terrible that just
the physics in that was
so advanced and something, when
you watch a, like a
pre recorded cartoon or animation,
all of that stuff is
pre-rendered. But in a game,
if you are moving your
character around left right up
and down, and there's any
fabric or cloth simulation, that
stuff is computationally expensive to
render in real time. So
that was something I was
very proud of. And I
still do simulation. I'm still
a software developer, but yeah,
it's evolved. Could you, could
you dig into the definition
a little bit more? Cause
I don't think that never
necessarily everyone who is listening
knows the difference. Like everyone
understands what game programming is,
but games simulation that is
simulating objects in, in, within
a game. Yeah. So I
guess simulation really is. So
I did a lot of
physics, a lot of physics
on primarily cloth simulation in
games and sometimes movies and
films do that as well,
but it's still game programming.
So graphics programming, direct ex
you know, when we were
in college, unity and unreal,
unity was not out. I
think in real unreal heads
just started to come out
and all of those are
engines. So a lot of
things are done for you.
So for example, I used
to ask a lot of
like my students, when I
would teach classes after I
said, do you know what
gravity is on earth? And
they're like, no, why do
we need to know that?
And I'm like, well, it's
9.8 and they don't have
to know that. Cause that's
built into like the unity
engine now. Right. So it's
just on a slider scale,
but we used to have
to calculate if your character
is jumping, you know, there's
some type of physics that
has to be applied if
you're jumping on earth. So
we used to have to
apply, you know, physics and
simulation to not only the
characters, but to cloth Andrew's
thing. So then you can
do that. One can do
that now in unity or
unreal in a, in a
plugin kind of a sentence.
Like it's what I've done.
Yeah. It's built in. It's
amazing. It's yeah. It's like,
it's not fair. Isn't that
funny how it is. Like
I, you know, I do
work in C-sharp primarily and
in managed languages and you
know, sometimes you will come
upon a person who, you
know, never managed their own
memory. And then you're like,
then you become old person
who shakes your fist at
the cloud and you go,
when I was a child,
we managed our own memory.
We managed our own cloth
simulation. You kids with your
plugins. Yeah. What do you
mean I have to dump
and have garbage collection. So
Would, would the looking at
Thor's Cape for a second,
would the cloth itself be
simulated using calculations in real
time? Or would you calculate?
Yeah. Yes. Yes. So it's
not like, think about it
when you watch like a
TV show on Netflix, it
can buffer and get ahead,
but in a game it
doesn't buffer or get ahead
like that. So it was
kind of broken up into
polygons. So for example, there
would be say you have
a square, each corner would
be one polygon. So four
polygons for one square. And
I believe Thor's Cape was
around 50,000 polygon points. Yeah.
So each one of those
is tied to each other
and whatever gravity is applied,
or if you're running around
in the game and you're
turning left, you know, you
would expect that this cake
is going to flow and
fall with you naturally. Wow.
Now, would you have to
work with the, as the,
as the game simulator, would
you work with like the
creative director and you're like,
yeah, 50,000 triangles. That's how
many we need. And they're
like, no, like we only
have 10,000. You have to
like go and fight with
them about the Cape. Won't
look good if you don't
give me this much computational
power. And they're like, no,
we have, we need them.
We need it for the
explosions. No, I mean, this
was also one of the,
this was like the second
or the third game, really
that come to come out
of Marvel studios at the
time. And I mean, some
of those discussions were had
also, it was a little
different. So, you know, console
for like Xbox and PlayStation
was very different than if
the game was on. We,
so, you know, different, you
know, developer for some of
that stuff at the time,
it was kind of like
the wild West. So whatever
they say goes, but also
for, for not everything took
place on mid guard, which
is earth. So that was
some fun experimenting as well.
Did you actually change the
way the cloth behaves differently?
Yes. So that's why, that's
why I said, I know
what, what the physics is
on earth, right. Because of
gravity and you know, the
unity didn't exist at the
time. How do we get
people to care about that
stuff? Like I just realizing
that just then I was
just like, ah, you're right.
The Cape would be different
on different planets. That's so
cool. And then it feels
like there's kind of two
kinds of people in the
world. There's people who would
find that incredibly awesome. And
then there's people who are
like, Yeah. So that's, that's
not my problem. My problem
is I, I want to
know everything and yeah. How
do you, how do you
get people to care about
stuff like that? Sometimes it's
finding an application that they're
used to, like that they're
interested in. So I have
a little brother and one
of their classes, I know
they were, they all had
to make a web page,
but it had to be
this cooking webpage. So they
had this template and he's
like, this class is boring.
And I'm like, well, of
course you don't care about
cooking and you're making this,
you know, you have nothing
that, you know, I'm trying
to think of it. Yeah.
So like he really likes,
he really likes baseball. So
if he could find some
way to like, you know,
make this webpage interactive or
about baseball, the, the learning
application is so much different.
I feel that's how I
find like the best drive.
I always talk about just
any of the projects I
work on is I call
them like, especially I work
on a lot of costume
stuff, just, I call it
the gateway drug. It starts
with cardboard and it evolves
to making your own printed
circuit boards it's Hey, you
know, so my thing is
about like fandoms, like finding
some type of something that
you love and you obsess
about whether it's reading a
book or watching a movie
or listening to a podcast,
just something that you can't
stop thinking about. But yeah,
I guess this is the
ultimate question of how to
get people involved or to
care about, you know, things
like that, where it's built
into an engine now, and
they don't have to care
about physics and it's pre-calculated,
but also in some way,
it's, it's nice because now
I can evolve and I
can make more applications. I
can do more in a
game and I don't have
to spend, you know, six
months working on a physics
engine to calculate gravity. Yeah.
The fandom is when I
think about you and the
work that you do online,
whether it be in the
maker community and the tech
community and the learning and
STEM community, or watching you
make some of your famous
cause plays, is that you
really like the fandom. And
like, you want to create
more fans because if people
are excited about something, if
you're just amped or geeked
about something, then you're going
to want to steep yourself
in it. You're wanting to
build stuff around it. You're
going to want to make
things that enhance the fan
experience. And I'm hoping to
make my kids fans as
well, of whatever they're interested
in, whatever that thing is,
like, get all in and
be geeked about it. Yeah.
It's very interesting in some
way, we're do cosplay, which
is, you know, dressing as
a character or some type
of fandom dressing as another
character. You somehow find yourself.
And I know that sounds
probably like the opposite of
what people would think, but
it really is. You learn,
you learn new skills, you
learn how to put, you
know, work with physical materials.
You learn how to do
electronics. You learn how to
budget your time, which is
actually something time management is
always something that I've struggled
with. And just in my
real, like real life, my
jobs, my costumes, and you
learn, I mean, great lessons
about, you know, not micromanaging,
but you know, if you
have a full armor costume,
so they, for example, we're
going to work on for
you would, I would break
that down by, you know,
helmet, prop, cloth, all of
that. And then, you know,
go from there. It's interesting.
The breaking down of things
in a S in any
system, I've a number of
podcasts on the idea of
systems thinking that we're, you
know, we're out there trying
to teach kids how to
code, but we're not really
teaching them how to think
and how to break things
down. So like using your
costume example, you break things
down into like individual functions
and it's like, okay, I'm
going to need cloth. And
I'm need to understand how
to show to do this.
And I'm gonna need to
understand how to three D
print to do that and
break things down into the
individual skills that are required
for the larger whole solution.
Did you ever have the
peanut butter and jelly example
I've ever heard that? No.
So I gave a class,
we did a thing for
an hour for the hour
of code that they do
in a lot of schools.
And we went in and
were like, all right, all
these kids, you guys are
gonna be the programmers and
I'm going to be the
computer. And you're going to
pretend I know nothing, except
for the instructions you give
me. And they're in English.
And so you have a
loaf of bread, you know,
peanut butter and jelly and
a jar and knives, all
of this on the table.
And you ask them to
give you instructions. And then
they'll say, all right, what
would I do first to
make a peanut butter and
jelly? And they're like, okay,
open the bread. So I
just took the bag and
ripped it in half. And
the bread went flying everywhere.
But you know, the engineer
in me says, well, you
didn't specify. So, you know,
there's some things that are
assumptions, but it's, it's breaking
it down to like the
most simplified tasks. And There's,
you know, the old software
engineering joke where a spouse
tells a software engineer to
go to the store and
says, go to, yeah, go
to the store, get some
eggs in and get some
bread. And if they have
a X get 12, and
then they come back with
12 loaves of bread and
it's like, well, I don't
know. Why did you do
that? Well, they had eggs.
Yeah. That's the way, that's
the way we work. Right.
That's the way engineers work.
One of the things that
I thought was really cool
in episode three of Lego
masters, you wore your own
custom dress and you three
D printed stuff. And you're,
you're really a big passionate
three D printer user. And
actually one of the fun
things that I thought when
you were on the show,
you were describing how you
built something with Lego, you
described it within the context
of three D printing and
infill. Maybe you could talk
about that. Yeah. So that
I'm very happy that they
showed that. So, and episode
two, we actually got to
blow up our bills with
dynamite and we got to
blow up and destroy. Our
Lego builds. We dropped them
off a two story on
the guest on the second
floor. And it's not every
day, you get to destroy
your build. So not only
did it have to like
break, but it had to
be sturdy, but we didn't
want to be wasting bricks
and making a completely solid.
So a lot of times
in three D printing say,
you're going to three D
print a cube. You would
not print that at a
hundred percent, which means it
would be completely solid. When
if you do that, that's
wasting materials. It takes longer,
it may be stronger, but
you can also get that
same strength from different types
of infill. For example, I,
the honeycomb reference, because it's
printing it as a, a
honeycomb, so you get the
support structure on the inside.
So we did that. So
not to waste Lego brick,
but it's the exact same
idea that you use in
three D printing as well.
And yeah, it worked the
build, the building looks glorious
when it broke and we
were able to fill it
with all the sparkle and
Lego bananas. We made the
biggest bang. I think it
took the set crew like
20 minutes to clean up.
And it was the entire
build came off the moon.
Like we have this moon
platform on set and the
platform actually moved in. There
were like, so I guess
no one knows you don't,
you have no idea what's
going to happen. And even
with the dynamite, we were
laughing because they gave us
glasses and earplugs, but I'm
like, what about the rest
of our bodies? No one
wants to manage databases if
they can avoid it. That's
why Mongo DB made Mongo
DB Atlas, a global cloud
database service that runs on
AWS, GCP and Azure. You
can deploy a fully managed
Mongo DB database in minutes
with just a few clicks
or a few API calls,
Mongo DB, Atlas, automates deployment,
automates updates, handles scaling, and
more so that you can
focus on your application instead
of taking care of your
database, you can get started
free@mongodb.com slash Atlas. Now, if
you're already managing a Mongo
DB deployment, Atlas has a
live migration service. So you
can migrate it easily with
minimal downtime and then get
back to what matters, stop
managing your database and start
using Mongo DB Atlas. So
your, your work and your,
your work that you do
with your costumes and your
bills and your maker, things
is very kind of interdisciplinary.
And I know that while
I'm teaching my kids and
I'm teaching the kids at
the schools that I volunteer
at these individual disciplines, I
have a little bit of
trouble getting them to combine
together. Like that example that
you just gave was a
really good example, where knowledge
you had in the three
D printing space combined with
knowledge you had in the
Lego space. And then, you
know, one plus one is
three in that context. And
then when you put all
of those things together into
a build, whether that build
be a costume or something
that you've made, you're really
good at combining all of
these different things. What's a
good way to get either
our listeners, people who are
interested in some of these
things as a hobby or
young people combining these two
things in unusual ways and
getting them to think about
things beyond just the siloed
work of, Oh, I made
a piece of plastic crap
with a three D printer.
Yeah. That's what I said
forever using things for that.
They're unintended purpose. So I'll
teach workshops sometimes for kids
or adults. And especially if
they're new to electronics, they
won't understand why do I
need to learn how to
do any soldering for these
electronics? So I would go
through this workshop of, you
know, teaching them, them, you
know, this basic microcontroller, how
to do soldering. And they're
like, okay, that's kind of
cool. But then we would
three D print a sword.
And then we would put
in electronics in the sword
and make it glow or
make it move. And they're
like, Oh, that's what you
can use that for. You
just need to get that
Oh moment. Like from them
that they really, they really
combine something that they think
is this every day, I
guess you're overlooking it. Yeah.
It's always, everyone thinks so
different. And I've learned that
as I've traveled more and
people ask they're like, how
do I find a hobby
or how do I find
a passion? And I'm like,
Oh, cause I've never really
had those problems. If anything,
I need to like stop
doing something. I think we
can commiserate a little bit
on that because I was
like having built in motivation,
built in passion and not
knowing why. And then becoming
frustrated with people who don't,
I think is a bias
that I'm working on. You
know, like we can't just
assume that everyone's geeked. Yeah.
And that's, and you know,
I used to just say
like say yes, to doing
more things, because that's where
sometimes I get my best
ideas is somebody says, Hey,
can you check out this
project? And I'm like, okay,
I don't really have time,
but it gives me inspiration.
And you're also that. So
I have a really good
example. So I know someone
that works on pins, they
make pins on the metal
lave and or in the
Woodlake. And yeah. So, but
I'm like pens. I'm like,
okay. I'm like, sure. I
was like, I'll look at
it. Like he wanted me
to look at the mechanics
of the gears on the
inside. And then I saw
that he was actually like
taking this block of acrylic
or this piece of wood
and milling these, I mean,
they're gorgeous pens. And then
it got me thinking I'm
like, somebody really liked pens
think about like in, but
they have the pens that
they can use for NASA.
Somebody made a pen that
you can write in a
no gravity space. Like somebody
likes something so much that
they figured it out, or
it was just their, I
guess, their passion project. And
I don't know. So like
never overlooked something that you
think is as simple as
a pen. My, my dad
likes to likes to hunt
and I'm not a big
fan of guns and I
don't want to go a
no, unless you give the
deer a gun. I don't
want to, you know, no
reason to go and shoot
a deer. So he's like,
well, I'll, I'll go and
I'll hunt, but I wanna,
I only use a bow
and arrow and then he
would go and use a
bow and arrow and he
couldn't hit the broad side
of a barn, but then
it less, it became less
about the hunting for the
deer and more about making
the bow and arrow. So
first he would buy a
bow and arrow and then
he would go and cut
down a tree and get
the, and get the specific
piece of wood and then
bend it with water over
a course of months and
then go and string the
bows. So now he'll spend
like a year making a
custom bow and arrow using
traditional first peoples native American
techniques so that he can
go out and then miss
the deer and come back
with nothing. But it was
the journey of the creation
of the, of the bow
and arrow. And now he
has this club of old
people that he gets together
with every week and they
make traditional native bows. Yeah.
The community like that's, how
do you find a community
of other people that are
interested in the same things
that you are? And when
you get that community, when
you find your place, then
things start clicking and then
you become more creative. And
you said that you were
homeschooled, you were kind of
in your home until mid-teens.
Did you build a, could
you discover a community? Did
you come upon a community
of makers or was it
in real, like meet space
or did you do this
online? So I guess online
or that's I try to
think about the first things
I ever shared, really when
it came just to the
internet and I would share
gosh, anything from like a
costume and be like, I
made this technique, or I
added these LEDs to it.
And I'm like, man, this
is terrible, but I am
so proud of it. And
there's like, nothing more Epic
than putting on like, you
know, some Cape or costume
or something that you've made
with love and a few
curse words. And then it's
interesting. Cause people would be
like, Oh, how did you
do this? Or I had
the same problem. And that's
how you iterate and you
become better. It's this, the
sharing process, You know? And
here's the thing though, when
you go and do something
like that and you put
it out there, that first
reaction, if someone's like, Hey,
great job. Even though if
it was garbage or not,
doesn't matter. Right? Like that,
that enthusiastic, I made this
and that's awesome. Can be
the difference about whether or
not you drop out of
the fandom entirely. And that's
why it's so important that
we have a welcoming and
kind community because a 16
year old making something and
putting out on the internet
and having everyone tease them
for it is a good
way to just turn them
off of making altogether. Yup.
I agree. And I really
always try to stress, like,
you know, you should share
everything, even if you think
it sucks and you're going
to get, you're gonna either
inspire someone enough to make
their own, you're going to
get feedback and you're going
to be able to improve
upon it. But this idea
of like perfection that it's
movie perfect. The first time
I have a friend that
owns a prop shop and
they make all the stuff
for the Mandalorian. And I
remember when they were working
on the Mandalorian stuff a
few years ago and I
was in the shop. I'm
like, what is this? And
then like, I saw it,
you know, watching the Mandalorian.
I was like, wow. I
was like, I saw where
that started. Wow. You know,
every, everyone starts from this
beginning of, they don't know
what they're doing and they,
they have, you have no
knowledge, right? It's you collectively
over the years, I always
work on projects that I'm
not doing the same thing.
You don't have to completely
start from scratch, but take
some things that, you know,
and then add one new
thing that you don't know.
So maybe you already know
how to make work with
foam. You're going to make
a foam costume, but you've
never worked with LEDs. So
just add some things you
already know and add one
new thing to that. Hm.
As we get towards the
end here, I want to
make sure that folks that
are listening, go and check
out Lego masters on Fox.
Cause we have really enjoyed
it. I think there's quite
a few episodes left. And
hopefully by the time I
put this show out, there'll
be continued episodes. I've I
mean, I watch reality TV
and I always wonder like
how real is it? Are
you all really there building
Legos for 15 hours without
sleeping? Yes. Well, so here's
the thing. So the set
is union, so they get
breaks, right? Yes. So that
is, that is one thing.
So if say it's an
18 hour build that may
be filmed over two days,
but you are, you were
miked up, you know, 24
seven, except when you're sleeping.
That time clock is so
real. When we were going
back and watching, like I
think episode three, my Lego
partner, crystal, when we were
sitting at the house, I
was fidgeting with my button
and she's like, what are
you doing? And I'm like,
it's giving me like posttraumatic
stress, like watching the clock
go down and the red
light. And it's just so
interesting to see how they've
put it all together because
so I think episode one,
there's 20 people. It was
a 15 hour build. So
that is a lot of
time. I don't envy the
editing team at all. Yeah.
I mean, so you're saying
you're miked up the whole
time. Something's rolling in some
way, you know, someone's taking
a break, someone, else's got
some rolling, they're trying to
capture everything and they condense
it all down into 42
minutes. It was extremely stressful.
And then they go and
they will our net, the
host screams and one hour
left. And then it's like,
go, go, go, go, go.
Yeah. That the time clock,
all of that is real
though. I will say one
of the best parts about
the show is we had
a designated teams to pick
up after us and sort
all of our bricks every
night. Cause we're there for
18 hours a day. So
for girls, you know, our
call time was at four
30 in the morning for
hair and makeup. The guys
was at like six. So
that's a noxious. Yeah. That's
totally unacceptable. This is so
you didn't have to clean
up though, which is good.
Like you could play as
much as you want and
you didn't have to clean
up. Yeah. And we had
access to 3 million bricks and
they're already pre sorted. You
know, I always say one
of the hardest parts is
like part procurement for anything,
whether it's electronics Lego, it
doesn't matter. And so it
was really nice to have
like this team do that
for us. I remember telling
my dad after I'm like,
I don't have to clean
my room tonight when we
were on set. So if
you needed a specific brick,
you want an element of
a certain kind and you
knew the name of it
was your Lego expert. You
say, Oh, I need a
three, three by one dah,
dah, dah. And they would
and find it or was
it label makers? How did
you find what you needed?
So that was one thing.
It took, you know, a
little while to get used
to where they had done
all the layouts and the,
the brick room. So they
had done everything on the
left side of the brick
pit based on like plates.
And it would start by,
you know, one by twos,
two by fours, all the
way up. And then the
right side of the brick
pit would be, you know,
technical pieces, mini figs. And
so we had a brick
binder that we were able
to use for reference on
set if we forgot where
they were, but it took
us a few days just
to pick up where everything
was and if we needed
something, you know, since we're
miked up and they're always
listening, we would say, Hey,
we're trying to find this,
you know, one by two,
you know, ball joint, where
are they? And then they
would, they would tell us,
but at some point you're
like, you're just running around
in a Cape and cosplay
building Lego, The, the, the,
the brick binder. I don't
remember any scenes where they
shown that. So that seems
like a piece of movie
magic that isn't quite as
interesting as watching someone go
through a giant three ring
binder looking. Yeah. They, you
know, they didn't want wanna,
they don't want to show
that on onset Bush, which
I get. So, you know,
they also yeah. Like say
so, like we had safety
meetings for like, when we
would blow stuff up with
dynamite, you know, you're having
an offscreen pirate with a
T you know, talk with
the pyro. Right. Oh, wow.
So it was really dynamite.
It wasn't like it's compressed.
Yeah. It was, nobody was
real dynamite. So Did it
actually break a Lego? Did
it actually destroy an element?
And that's what I find
is so fascinating. Cause they
used me as like a
pack mule and they like
took some bricks out of
my, like hood in my
dragon dress. And like when
you it's really interesting because
Lego bricks are done through
like injection molding. And when
we looked at the ones
that blow with dynamites, all
the studs on the top
of the Lego bricks were
the first to blow off.
And so I kept a
few of them because I
just thought that was like
so fascinating that, you know,
when they're doing this injection
molding process, that that is
the, I guess the technically
the weak point and cause
Lego bricks are made from
abs plastic, which is, you
know, you can use that
with three D printing as
well. But yeah, no, I
have not. You have to
go. I did some work
with lego.com and I went
to our house and I
went and walked around on
the floor where they do
the actual work and make
them, and it's just bananas.
I'll show you some pictures
sometime. Yes. I would absolutely
love that. I was talking
to, I was like, I
just want to know their
entire process and how they
yes. Make it worth it.
Fantastic. Well, thank you so
much, Amy Daniel, Dan's me Amy
double D you can find
amy@amiedd.com and on Twitter and
on Instagram. And I would
really encourage you to check
out Lego masters on Fox.
Great show for adults and
kids alike. My family has
had a wonderful time watching
it. I really appreciate you
chatting with me today. Yes,
absolutely. Thanks so much. This
has been another episode of
Hanselminutes and we'll see you
again next week. .